Update README to support CDK V2 (#85)
DataDog/datadog-cdk-constructs: README.md

# Datadog CDK Constructs

[![NPM](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/datadog-cdk-constructs?color=blue&label=npm+cdk+v1)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/datadog-cdk-constructs)

> [![NPM](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/datadog-cdk-constructs-v2?color=blue&label=npm+cdk+v2)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/datadog-cdk-constructs-v2)

Reviewer: I clicked on this cdk v2 npm badge and the npm page doesn't have a readme. Did something happen during publishing that the readme didn't get transferred to npm? From what I remember when I used to publish the cdk to npm it would take the repositories readme with it

Reviewer: color coordinating the npm vs pypi badges might look nice too

Reviewer: same with the pypi cdkv2 page https://pypi.org/project/datadog-cdk-constructs-v2/. The readme isn't there

Author: unfortunately publishing to npm and pypi pulls the readme from the root of the directory, rather than the root of this repo. This will effect future published versions of v1 as well. 

It might be a good idea to soft-link this readme into the v1 and v2 folders, replacing the placeholder readme files that exist in the two folders currently.

- Enabling the collection of traces and custom metrics from your Lambda functions.
- Managing subscriptions from the Datadog Forwarder to your Lambda and non-Lambda log groups.

> ## AWS CDK V1 vs AWS CDK V2

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## AWS CDK v1 vs AWS CDK v2
```

> Two versions of Datadog CDK Constructs exist, `datadog-cdk-constructs` and `datadog-cdk-constructs-v2`. These two support the use of `AWS CDK v1` and `AWS CDK v2` respectively.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Two separate versions of Datadog CDK Constructs exist; `datadog-cdk-constructs` and `datadog-cdk-constructs-v2`. These are designed to work with `AWS CDK v1` and `AWS CDK v2` respectively.
```

> - Please pay attention to the version of AWS CDK you are using (All new users are likely to be using AWS CDK V2, and this is recommended)

Reviewer 2: I would remove this bullet point, I think it's redundant with the one below

```suggestion
```

> - If you are using AWS CDK v1, please instead install and import `datadog-cdk-constructs` rather than `datadog-cdk-constructs-v2`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If you are using AWS CDK v1, please use `datadog-cdk-constructs` rather than `datadog-cdk-constructs-v2`.
```

> - `datadog-cdk-constructs-v2` REQUIRES Node 14+, while datadog-cdk-constructs-v1 still supports Node 12.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `datadog-cdk-constructs-v2` requires Node 14+, while datadog-cdk-constructs-v1 supports Node 12+.
```

- Otherwise, the use of the two packages is identical.

> ## npm Package Installation:

Reviewer 2: For the package installation instructions, I would include both the v1 and v2 options. I suspect some people might skip reading the top section and just install v2.

Author: I've re-written this part to explicitly show installation instructions for AWS CDK v1 vs v2

### AWS CDK

- _If you are new to AWS CDK then check out this [workshop][14]._
- _The following examples assume the use of AWS CDK v2. If you're using CDK v1, import `datadog-cdk-constructs` rather than `datadog-cdk-constructs-v2`._

Add this to your CDK stack:

```typescript
import { Datadog } from "datadog-cdk-constructs-v2";

const datadog = new Datadog(this, "Datadog", {

>   nodeLayerVersion: <LAYER_VERSION>,

Reviewer: As a sanity check I would try to deploy some sample app's with both dd cdk v1 and v2 to make sure none of the configuration parameters didn't break (they probably didn't but it couldn't hurt to double check if you haven't already).

Author: this has been tested!

Enable X-Ray Tracing on your Lambda functions. For more information, see [CDK documentation][9].

```typescript
import * as lambda from "aws-cdk-lib/aws-lambda";

const lambda_function = new lambda.Function(this, "HelloHandler", {

>   runtime: lambda.Runtime.NODEJS_12_X,

Author: Really good catch, fixed.
